Add version 2 info in statistics (#4546)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

# Introduction to Statistics

TiDB uses statistics to decide [which index to choose](/choose-index.md). The `tidb_analyze_version` variable controls the statistics collected by TiDB. Currently two versions are supported: `tidb_analyze_version = 1` (by default) and `tidb_analyze_version = 2`. The two versions are listed as follows:

| Information | Version 1 | Version 2|
| --- | --- | ---|
| The total number of rows in the table | √ | √ |
| Column Count-Min Sketch | √ | × |
| Count-Min Sketch | √ | × |
| Column Top-N | √ | √ (Maintenance methods and precision are improved) |
| Index Top-N | √ (Insufficient maintenance precision might cause inaccuracy | √ (Maintenance methods and precision are improved) |

> | Column histogram | √ | √ (The histogram does not include Top-N values) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Column histogram | √ | √ (The histogram does not include Top-N values.) |
```

> | Index histogram | √ | √ (The histogram buckets records the number different values in each bucket, and the histogram does not include Top-N values) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Index histogram | √ | √ (The histogram buckets record the number of different values in each bucket, and the histogram does not include Top-N values.) |
```

| The number of `NULL`s in the column | √ | √ |
| The number of `NULL`s in the index | √ | √ |
| The average length of columns | √ | √ |
| The average length of indexes | √ | √ |

> Compared to Version 1, Version 2 statistics avoids the possible inaccuracy caused by hash collision in a large amount of data. It also incraease the estimate precision in most scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to Version 1, Version 2 statistics avoids the potential inaccuracy caused by hash collision when the data volume is huge. It also increases the estimate precision in most scenarios.
```

| `column_name` | The column name (when `is_index` is `0`) or the index name (when `is_index` is `1`) |
| `is_index` | Whether it is an index column or not |
| `update_time` | The time of the update |

> | `version` | The value of `tidb_analyze_version` in the corresponding `analyze` statement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `version` | The value of `tidb_analyze_version` in the corresponding `ANALYZE` statement |
```

| `repeats` | The occurrence number of the maximum value |
| `lower_bound` | The minimum value |
| `upper_bound` | The maximum value |

> | `ndv` | The number of different values in the bucket. When `tidb_analyze_version` = 1, `ndv` is always 0, which has no actual meaning. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ndv` | The number of different values in the bucket. When `tidb_analyze_version` = `1`, `ndv` is always `0`, which has no actual meaning. |
```
